[WIP] Start Async Book (#71)
rust-lang-nursery/wg-net: async-book/src/getting_started/http_server_example.md

# Applied: Simple HTTP Server

Let's use `async`/`await!` to build an echo server!

To start, run `rustup update nightly` to make sure you've got the latest and
greatest copy of Rust-- we're working with bleeding-edge features, so it's
essential to stay up-to-date. Once you've done that, run
`cargo +nightly new async-await-echo` to create a new project, and open up
the resulting `async-await-echo` folder.

Let's add some dependencies to the `Cargo.toml` file:

> ```

Author: Done, thanks for catching that one!

        // `Service` trait, and accepts a closure which goes from request
        // to a future of the response. In order to use our `serve_req`
        // function with Hyper, we have to box it and put it in a compatability
        // wrapper to go from a futures 0.3 future (the kind returned by
        // `async fn`) to a futures 0.1 future (the kind used by Hyper).
        .serve(|| service_fn(|req|
            serve_req(req).boxed().compat(TokioDefaultSpawner)
        ));

    // Wait for the server to complete serving or exit with an error.
    // If an error occurred, print it to stderr.
    if let Err(e) = await!(serve_future) {
        eprintln!("server error: {}", e);
    }
}

fn main() {
    // Set the address to run our socket on.
    let addr = SocketAddr::from(([127, 0, 0, 1], 3000));

    // Call our run_server function, which returns a future.
    // As with every `async fn`, we need to run that future in order for
    // `run_server` to do anything. Additionally, since `run_server` is an
    // `async fn`, we need to convert it from a futures 0.3 future into a
    // futures 0.1 future.
    let futures_03_future = run_server(addr);
    let futures_01_future =

>         futures_03_future.unit_error().boxed().compat(TokioDefaultSpawner);

Reviewer: I'm guessing that once futures 0.3 becomes stable these examples will be updated. Is that being tracked somewhere? I imagine going through the entire book would mean that some might be missed.

Author: These particular examples aren't marked anywhere. Yes, we'll have to go through everything and make appropriate changes. I'm not sure how best to track that. Perhaps we could keep a "golden" compile-able version of each of the examples in this repo, so that as things change and we have to update the compile-able version, we know to update the book version as well. Alternatively, we could set up something like the official Rust book has that will extract all of the code examples directly from the markdown and actually compile them.

    // Finally, we can run the future to completion using the `run` function
    // provided by Hyper.
    run(futures_01_future);
}
```

If you `cargo run` now, you should see the message "Listening on
http://127.0.0.1:300" printed on your terminal. If you open that URL in your
browser of choice, you'll see "thread ... panicked at 'not yet implemented'."
Great! Now we just need to actually handle requests. To start, let's just
return a static message:

```rust
async fn serve_req(req: Request<Body>) -> Result<Response<Body>, hyper::Error> {
    // Always return successfully with a response containing a body with
    // a friendly greeting ;)
    Ok(Response::new(Body::from("hello, world!")))
}
```

If you `cargo run` again and refresh the page, you should see "hello, world!"
appear in your browser. Congratulations! You just wrote your first asynchronous
webserver in Rust.

You can also inspect the request itself, which contains information such as
the request URI, HTTP version, headers, and other metadata. For example, we
can print out the URI of the request like this:

```rust
println!("Got request at {:?}", req.uri());
```

> You may have noticed that our ight now, we're not even doing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may have noticed that right now, we're not even doing
```
Fix sentence structure.

Author: Done.

request to another website using Hyper's HTTP client.

We start by parsing out the URL we want to request:

```rust
let url_str = "http://www.rust-lang.org/en-US/";
let url = url_str.parse::<Uri>().expect("failed to parse URL");
```

Then we can create a new `hyper::Client` and use it to make a `GET` request,
returning the response to the user:

```rust
let res = await!(Client::new().get(url));
// Return the result of the request directly to the user
println!("request finished --returning response");
res
```

`Client::get` returns a `hyper::client::FutureResponse`, which implements
`Future<Output = Result<Response, Error>>`
(or `Future<Item = Response, Error = Error>` in futures 0.1 terms).
When we `await!` that future, an HTTP request is sent out, the current task
is suspended, and the task is queued to be continued once a response has
become available.

Now, if you `cargo run` and open `http://127.0.0.1:3000/foo` in your browser,
you'll see the Rust homepage, and the following terminal output:

```
Listening on http://127.0.0.1:3000
Got request at /foo
making request to http://www.rust-lang.org/en-US/
request finished-- returning response
```

> Congratulations! You just proxied an HTTP request.

Reviewer 2: Ideally, we can avoid talking about the 0.3/0.1 split until deep into the futures chapter.
